TPI-1873: Add steps to help with custom authentication method (#3)
hyperscience/mule4-hyperscience-connector-doc: technical-reference.adoc

Uses a custom internal authentication mechanism to connect.

> This is the default authentication method for SaaS instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This internal mechanism is the default authentication method for SaaS instances. 
```

> In order to properly authenticate using this method follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to properly authenticate using this method, follow these steps:
```

> . Create an API account at Users > API Accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the application, create an API account at **Users** > **API Accounts**.
```

. Copy the client ID and account password. You will not be able to access the account password after account creation.

> . Use your client ID in the Client ID field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter your client ID in the **Client ID** field.
```

> . Use your account password in the Client Secret field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter your account password in the **Client Secret** field.
```

> . For Auth Server, use the domain of the authentication server, i.e., login.hyperscience.net.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the **Auth Server** field, enter the domain of the authentication server (`login.hyperscience.net`).
```

Reviewer: I'm assuming they would only ever enter `login.hyperscience.net` here? Let me know if I'm wrong about that.

Author: @NatAtHypersci confirmed with @v1ctorrhs, "depending on the region a different auth server can be used, for example for testing we use login-preview.hyperscience.net, for emea we use login.emea.hyperscience.net"

Reviewer: Ah OK — thanks for clarifying!

Let's use this instead, then: 

. In the **Auth Server** field, enter the domain of the authentication server for your instance (e.g., `login.hyperscience.net`).

Author: Done

> . For Domain, use the domain of the instance where HS app is hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the **Domain** field, enter the domain of the instance where the Hyperscience application is hosted (e.g., `example.hyperscience.net`).
```

> . In the Auth Server field, enter the domain of the authentication server for your instance (e.g., login.hyperscience.net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the **Auth Server** field, enter the domain of the authentication server for your instance (e.g., `login.hyperscience.net`).
```
